such
grace mate, here we are
with in the valence is still
in ecuador waiting in the last
details before the trip to join and the
west ham united
yes waiting for detail and in sight nothing
more to incorporate the core something that
you wonder a lot in Mexico who you
did he play as fake 9 because your comedian
or like 9 in this case I would not give it because
your beginnings in emblems are worth
stuck to the sides profe gustavo
quinteros and after reinaldo rolls it
I just consolidated and eyes meza followed
with that process if afterwards in the
selection with the teacher age as he says
continue in that position out there since
I put the quintero himself not me
they changed more and in Mexico too
effectively continued in that opposition
that has allowed me out there to score
many goals was all very fast because
a year ago somewhere some people
I discussed in emelec you had had a
call to the selection and now a
year later we are waiting for a visa
to go to the premier league
if everything very quickly I think they have been 78
I have spent months and things
to enjoy this with much
responsibility and try to improve in
things that fail how much I help you
Mexican soccer in your career
especially these last six months
a lot of publishing is a very soccer
dynamic out there very physical
it's about learning very much about that
it was a football very different from soccer
Ecuadorian and that has learned many
things there is a month that marked the pachuca to
throughout your career
if it has been important to have in my
career out there gave me that
opportunity to go to soccer
international and decide there in the
selection there were other offers because it
they speak of many names when they
knew and when people said the
pachuca that it was almost impossible to retain
you heard the names you know from
some other offer that was given by you
listen to judgment by the media
many names many teams but as
says the people of pachuca this was the
firm offer for which they decided
the names in Mexican football is a
catapult to get to europe
it's like one like a university but
this one that comes from this part of the
continent may be that if to me
it served for sure that's a lot
more will be the soccer link of a
football going very well organized in
very dynamic football as I said it
I would like to come back one day if I am sure that
if in a short time I was there in
pachuca treated me very well promise
someone knows a lot in a lot technician
experience both the with your body
technician out there are talking a lot with
player
I remember the words that he told me
said you are going to be a scorer I had
one goal and there was another from another team that
I had like 5 and they choose 2 and already have 5
better almost like the scorer and I
I had eaten many goals he gave me that
word whenever I speak with the side of
agreement we laughed and I learned a lot from him
what balance do you take from the world both in
Personally and collectively what
what the Ecuadorian team could do
well I think for me personally
out there that was my first world try
to dismantle a goal as I said
before I started I made three and in what
collective out there we stayed that with
that succession of we could give a little
more because to take to keep moving forward
that was the dream to each one of us
so we fought in each practice
pitifully it did not happen but we know
that we gave everything everything is what I had one
within the playing field of the year of
that we talked about in which played in
another position until the date that
is what makes self-criticism in the
Valencia
and feels that it was what changed that was
that was the little details that was
improving on the road
if there I need a little more
finish well he had a lot of situation of
goal out there
in the food and said good already happened but
not now
help I'm very sorry and I have to
to follow another for another and what is it that
it has improved a lot it was important
go outside and be in the same
team that walter ayoví a person that
It has so many years and so much experience
very important outside of me I think that
It was the best thing I could do to have it
to walter as a mate out there
instead of much experience like all
we know someone to talk a lot
many tips and it was something very very
very important for me to have them
partner I am very grateful to him
now step a land what is the goal
staff that you have marked yourself and
now arriving in london west ham
good at first try to adapt
as fast as the club can to
English football and then continue with with
that streak that is going to continue marking
goals and doing things well as he has
done the kid over there and continue for that
same you have also spoken with the one who
has said antonio now of the arrival
england if we gave him
given message a lot has called me
He tells me how things are by
there helped me a lot in this that I
already hiring england in it very many
thanks the best of the successes now in
your trip in how long I'll be
traveling more or less to join technique the
wissam everything depends on the visa
the visa goes out and I have to join
immediately the club they are by
new zealand but your trip would be no to
london but german i already understand
if that was what was spoken now that
I was there they wanted it to be the tour
germany and wait for the visa and
I think I would have to go there what
impression the club gave you what you could
know in the few days that you were
already in london although it's a one club for
there as my son the owner also this
that very passionate people are always
of workshop encouraging us and the people very
kind very friendly very attentive to all and
I think that for a sport this and a
footballer very very many web
thanks to valence still here in
the city ​​of guayaquil
for your trip to join the west ham
united in the coming days waiting for
the work visa returned with you in
studies